Section C: Programs Based on Strings
Question C1: WAP to count the number of spaces, tabs and new line characters in a given string.
Question C2: WAP to input a character and a string. Each occurrence of a character in the string should be converted to opposite
case i.e. upper to lower case or vice versa.
Question C3: WAP to count the number of words and number of characters in a given line of text except the spaces.
Question C4: WAP to input a multi word string and produce a string in which first letter of each word is capitalized.
Question C5: WAP to count the numbers of vowels, consonants, digits and special symbols in a given string.
Question C6: WAP to count the lower case and upper-case letters in a string.
Question C7: WAP to search a character in a given string.
Question C8: WAP to search a given string into another string and displays the position if found otherwise displays 0.
Question C9: WAP to find a substring of given string.
Question C10: WAP to extract specified number of characters from a given position from a string.
Question C11: WAP to count all the occurrences of a character in a given string.
Question C12: WAP to calculate the length of a string.
Question C13: WAP to input two strings and print which one is lengthier.
Question C14: WAP to reverse a string.
Question C15: WAP to check a string for palindrome.
Question C16: WAP to copy a string into another string.
Question C17: WAP to concatenate two strings.
Question C18: WAP to compare two strings.
Question C19: WAP to replace every space in a string with a hyphen, tab with a hash and digit with a slash.
Question C20: WAP to input a string and replace every lower case letter with upper case letter, upper case letter with a lower
case letter, digit with a ‘#’ and a special symbol with a ‘%’. Display the new string.
Question C21: WAP to encrypt and decrypt a string using your own method of encryption and decryption.
Question C22: WAP to reverse all the strings stored in an array.
Question C23: WAP to swap two strings stored in an array.
Question C24: WAP to input 5 strings in an array of strings and display all the strings with their lengths.
Question C25: WAP to search a string in the array of strings.
Question C26: WAP to display all the palindrome strings from the array of strings.
Question C27: WAP to convert a string into upper case and vice versa.
Question C28: WAP to extract given number of characters from the left of the string.
Question C29: WAP to extract given number of characters from the right of the string.
Question C30: WAP to extract given number of characters, from the desired location from the string.
Question C31: WAP that will print out all the rotations of a string. For example - the rotations of the word “abc” are
abc bca cab
Question C32: WAP that replaces two or more consecutive blanks in a string by a single blank.
Question C33: WAP to input 10 names in a 2D array of characters and replace the 1st name with 5th name and display the
resultant array.
Question C34: WAP to input two strings consists of maximum 80 characters. Examine both the strings and remove all the
common characters from both the strings. Display the resultant string.
Question C35: WAP to test whether a string of opening and closing parentheses is well formed or not.
Question C36: WAP to evaluate a postfix expression given by the user.
Question C37: WAP to evaluate a prefix expression given by the user.
Question C38: WAP to convert a given infix expression to prefix and postfix expression.
Question C39: WAP to convert a postfix expression to the prefix expression and vice versa.
Question C40: WAP to convert a postfix expression to infix expression.
Question C41: WAP to input an arithmetic expression comprising of numeric constants and operators and evaluate the expression
at the input.
Question C42: Write a function which has two strings x and y as arguments. The function finds out the first symbol of x which
does not occur in y.
Question C43: Write a program to check that any one of given n strings occur in a string s.
Question C44: WAP to convert vowels into upper case character in a given string.
Question C45: WAP to read a file and remove the spaces between two words of its content.
