Section D: Programs based on arrays
Question D1: WAP to input the marks of 10 students in an array of integers and display the marks.
Question D2: WAP to search how many times a number is present in an array.
Question D3: WAP to subtract two arrays of the same size.
Question D4: WAP to input the sales made by a salesman in every month of a given year and find out the total, average,
maximum and minimum sales.
Question D5: WAP to calculate the average of 10 values stored in an array and display all those values which are more than the
calculated average.
Question D6: WAP which finds the locations and values of largest and second largest element in a one dimensional array.
Question D7: WAP to reverse an array of floats.
Question D8: WAP to create a sorted list using arrays. Every time the element is entered in the array, the array must remain
sorted.
Question D9: WAP to rotate an integer array towards right by the given number of times.
Question D10: WAP to input 20 values in an integer array and count the negative, positive, odd and even values in the array.
Question D11: Given an array named A with following elements:
3, -5, 1, 3, 7, 0, -15, 3, -7, -8
WAP to shift the negative numbers to the left and positive numbers to the right so that the resultant array look like the
-5, -15, -7, -8, 3, 1, 3, 7, 0, 3
Question D12: WAP to copy the last 5 elements of array B after first 5 elements of array A. Assume length of A and B is greater
than 5.
Question D13: WAP to print all the palindrome numbers from an integer array and find out their sum.
Question D14: WAP to print all the prime numbers from an integer array and find out their sum.
Question D15: WAP to input 10 values in a float array and display all the values more than 75.
Question D16: WAP delete an element from the array and shift the elements
(1) Towards right.
(2) Towards left
Question D17: WAP to delete all the occurrences of a given value from the array and shift the remaining elements to the left of
the array.
Question D18: WAP to delete duplicate elements from an array.
Question D19: WAP to insert a value in the array at desired location.
Question D20: WAP to insert a value in the sorted array.
Question D21: WAP to sort an array.
(1) Using bubble sort technique
(2) Using selection sort technique
(3) Using insertion sort technique.
(4) Using Quick sort technique
(5) Using Heap sort technique.
Question D22: WAP to check that given array is sorted in ascending / descending order.
Question D23: WAP to search a value in the array using
(1) Linear search technique.
(2) Using binary search technique.
Question D24: WAP to count the number of occurrences of a given number in an integer array.
Question D25: An array consists of 50 integers in the range of 1 to 25, write a program that prints the number of times each
integer occurs in the array.
Question D26: A, B, C are the arrays of integers of size a, b, a + b, Write a program to produce a third array C containing all the
elements of array A and B.
Question D27: WAP to merge two arrays according to the following conditions:
First array Second array Resultant array
(1) Ascending Ascending Ascending
(2) Ascending Ascending Descending
(3) Ascending Descending Ascending
(4) Ascending Descending Descending
(5) Descending Descending Ascending
(6) Descending Descending Descending
Question D28: WAP to add and multiply two large integers, which cannot be represented by built in data types.
Question D29: WAP to delete all elements in between and occupying two specified positions.
Question D30: WAP to search the first occurrence a given sub array within another array.
Question D31: WAP to merge 4 arrays a, b, c, d in one array. All the arrays are in ascending order.
